what are you talking about? Look, that's Connor's uncle. My God. He looks yummy.
How do you know he's his uncle? I mean I was with him all throughout his school and I never met him.
Not many people have. Apparently he manages the European division of the business. Just came back
to last week. My brother met him at a cocktail party and sent me his picture. Connor's entire
family. Is that his mercy? And apparently he's very, very single.
Let's teach Connor a little lesson about what happens when he breaks his heart.
Yes. Oh, okay then. All right. Go for all.
Bramble please. Surprising. Likewise. I'm sorry. I only have one serving left.
He's gonna take his drink at me. No. Get the jacket. Very gallant for you. Actually I'll pay
for the gentleman's drink. No thanks. I'm actually allergic to charity. Connor's gonna be calling me
Auntie Molly.